## What did i do on the last week ?

First off all, i made custom model for the player. Wich cycles between 6 models randomly. It was my first time using blender. Then i exported it into gltf model. The problem i had was the ui and the big differnce between C4D and Blender. Personly i wish we learned Blender isntead of C4D. Mainly because blender is free and open source.

## Styling 
I added some styling and made a logo for the world and a favicon. The logo is not displayed on the app it self but the favicon is enabled. The logo will be displayed on the github page. And i edit some buttons to make it better. I changed some text and the ui board is now an activity board.

## Interactive things

### Boxes
I made 3 activities who are tracked on a board. The first activity was the boxes you can play with the physics there with all the boxes. You can press a button to add more boxes and it has a limit of 6.

### Balling
Here i made a basketball arena wich u can play. The problem here was to detect collisions between the basket and the hoop. this kinda works now but sometimes its stuck on the hoop. This has to do with the static body thats detects if there is an collission. And i added walls for the ball if it gets away.

### Sticks
I made a hide and seek of sticks u need to find and collect to progress. The hard part here was everytime i connect the sticks collide with the ground for a second and then every stick gets a class. then it the counter will bugg out and go above 5. This i fixed and its working how it should be. 

## Whats next?
The next thing i have to do is make a case movie about the vrhub and edit the read.me. For all the changes i did. 


